# random info :
Hi there! Here's some random info about me ^^<br><br>Talking:<br>I usually like to talk and interact with others, im pretty talkative.<br>Im kinda shy when it comes th strangers or people I dont know (sorry)<br>If ive had a rough day or if im tired then ill probably put short or dry answers.<br>Please dont take it personally!<br><br>DNI / what im comfortable with:<br>Im fine with almost anyone interacting! Just dont talk with me if you do/are things such as:<br>Manipulative, crule or sadistic, complete empathy lacking, vindictive, racist,<br>Homophobic or narcissist. :><br>C+h+k with anyone! Even if i have DNI in my name.<br><br>Random stuff about me:<br>Im a cosplay maker! I loooove making cosplays, im kinda new to cosplay tho XD.<br>Ive currently made 2 irl ones, that being Taph (Forsaken) and Dusekkar! (Also forsaken lol)<br>I chose Taph because they're a mute person, which means i wont need to speak to others (considering how socially akward i am)<br>And dusekkar for my freind cause their one of the more left out survivors. (Magicbomb cough cough..)<br>Im thinking about making more, here are a few options.<br>d3rlord3 & kiy (sf/dawtde)<br>medkit & Subspace (pightning)<br>Jhon grace (Grace)<br>Player and greifer (block tales)<br>We have alot of ships 👀<br><br>Im in like a gazillion different Fandom lolol, my favorite one being duck season, and also the most dead one (sad)<br>I love joining new ones so if there's any you might recommend feel free to tell me!<br><br>Random joke!<br>Why shouldn't you play hide and seek with a leopard?<br>Because they are always spotted!<br>HahahHAAHHAhah!!<br>Hahaha..<br>Please laugh 💔 <br>someone stop me from making these jokes (cry)<br><br>YKW THIS ONE IS GOOD OK?? TRUST.<br><br>What do you call a snail on a ship?<br>A SNAILOR!<br>Get it? Cause snail and sailor- okay ill shut up now 🥲<br><br><br><br><br><br>



<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
